# BoschIcon Font Styles

The Boschicon SCSS script aims to offer more flexibility and versatility
to the design of the bosch ui-icon font and bosch icon font related stylesheet.

The actual CSS styles are still rendered in the file
`src/frontend-kit/basics/styles/bosch-icon.scss`.

The `src/frontend-kit/basics/styles/boschicon` subdirectory contains the following files:

- `_bosch-ui-icon.generated.scss`: contains SCSS variables only; generated by `boschicon.js` update script. DO NOT MANUALLY EDIT THIS FILE!
- `_bosch-icon.generated.scss`: contains SCSS variables only; generated by `boschicon.js` update script. DO NOT MANUALLY EDIT THIS FILE!
- `_bosch-icon.mixins.scss`: contains only `@mixins` which are used to generate the boschicon stylesheet.
- `_index.scss`: a "barrel file" to simplify the `@use` specification in the `bosch-icon.scss` file

The generated stylesheet contains one css class per ui-icon and icon (e.g. `.boschicon-bosch-ic-search`).
This part is almost exactly the same as the previously delivered stylesheet. The difference to
the previously delivered css styles are the css variables which are referenced in the related css classes,
e.g.

```
:root {
  --boschicon-bosch-ic-search: '\e123';
  ...
}

.boschicon-bosch-ic-search {
  content: var(--boschicon-bosch-ic-search);
}
...
```

Unlike before, the developers now get the possibility to access the icon code through a css variable.
This allows for "functional icon classes", among other things.
_This approach was adapted from the implementation already used for Bosch Brand Colors._

The advantage of this implementation is that application developers can now easily exchange
icons in their own "functional classes" without having to rename the css class used throughout
their application.

Example:
```
// styles.css
.app-messagebox-info-icon {
  content: var(--boschicon-bosch-ic-user-falling);
}
.app-messagebox-info-icon:hover {
  content: var(--boschicon-bosch-ic-user-down);
}
```

Additionally, the `boschicon.js` update script can also generate SCSS variables
per icon (if desired). These variables do NOT contain the icon code,
but the css `var(...)` statement needed to access the code.

> This part of the implementation is optional and may still be discussed in the FROK team ;-)
